sport;Real Madrid 2-2 Barcelona: What can Liverpool learn from El Clasico? Sunday's highly eventful Clasico, which finished as a 2-2 draw, showed Real Madrid at their best and worst, giving Liverpool fans reason for both optimism and concern for the Champions League final in Kiev on Saturday, 26 May. The chief hallmarks of this strange season for the Bernabeu giants have been inconsistency and unpredictability - in terms of team selection, tactics and overall quality of performance, and all those ingredients were on display in a frantic night at the Nou Camp. At times Los Blancos were simply excellent, especially in the final half hour of the opening period when they deservedly equalised through the always dangerous Cristiano Ronaldo, having taken complete control of the game as Barca were unable to keep hold of possession or mount threatening attacks. But Real ended up having to settle for a share of the spoils after also showing their flaws both individually and collectively, littering their performance with mistakes and occasionally allowing their team shape to become very ragged - despite playing with an extra man for 45 minutes after Sergi Roberto's sending off just before the break. Let's break down a performance which had a bit of good, bad and ugly, perfectly showing both the strengths and weaknesses of Zinedine Zidane's team and allowing Liverpool fans to believe that although their upcoming opponents are capable of being very good indeed, they are certainly not unbeatable.Zidane was missing his first-choice right-back Dani Carvajal, but that gave him an opportunity to welcome back the versatile and underrated Nacho after injury. Nacho's importance is often overlooked - he can play anywhere across the backline and Zidane would have no hesitation in starting him against Liverpool if any of the first-choice back four are injured.However, on this occasion Nacho looked understandably rusty in his first start for more than a month, and he was replaced for the final stages by Lucas Vazquez - usually a winger - after getting a yellow card and becoming a dismissal risk. Carvajal, who has a hamstring injury, would significantly improve the team if he returns for the Liverpool meeting.Most of the night, and especially during the first half, Real were solid defensively. Led by outstanding captain Sergio Ramos they pressed with intensity and conviction, closing down the space available to Barcelona with the considerable assistance of defensive midfielder Casemiro.But there were also some serious lapses, starting with the opening goal which was constructed far too easily by the home team, taking advantage of Real's very high line with a couple of simple passes to release Roberto, whose unchallenged cross from the right flank was converted by Luis Suarez.If there's one thing we know Liverpool can do after their semi-final against Roma, it's taking advantage of a high defensive line.As often happens, Marcelo was nowhere to be seen when that goal was scored, with the experienced Brazilian caught well upfield and unable to get back - forcing Nacho to come into the middle and leave Suarez unmarked as he peeled away to the far post.It doesn't even really feel right to call Marcelo a defender considering the amount of time he spends around the opposition penalty area, and that is very much a double-edged sword: he is probably the best attacking full-back in the world, but very regularly leaves oceans of space for opponents to exploit behind him.It's not by accident that Bayern right-back Joshua Kimmich netted in both legs of the Champions League semi-final, and the pace of Liverpool's front three on the break could prove to be exceptionally dangerous in Kiev, especially if they can target the left-back slot when Marcelo is nowhere to be seen.Although Real will feel aggrieved that Suarez clearly appeared to foul Raphael Varane in the build-up to Barcelona's other goal, brilliantly netted by Lionel Messi, you have to wonder why a team playing against 10 men left themselves so badly exposed after Varane had lost out - and the same applied a little later when Suarez released Messi for a one-on-one chance which goalkeeper Keylor Navas did well to keep out.There was also another outing for Ramos' famous lapses in discipline, with the volatile Spain international needlessly getting himself booked after provoking a tussle with Suarez. Ramos was subsequently lucky to escape a second yellow as he fouled Ivan Rakitic, meaning that he could very easily have earned himself a completely unnecessary sending off - not for the first time in his career.Ramos is always liable to get himself into trouble with officials, and the skill and trickery of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane could force him to walk a disciplinary tightrope once again.And more generally, this Clasico showed something that has been apparent all season: Real Madrid always give you a chance. With the form they've shown in recent months, Salah, Mane and Roberto Firmino should be able to create clear goalscoring chances against this defence.The established trio of enforcer Casemiro behind ball players Luka Modric and Toni Kroos was selected by Zidane for this game, with versatile Isco injured and wingers Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez on the bench along with energetic Croat Mateo Kovacic.This was a return to the midfield system used by Zidane for the majority of games during his first season in charge, but less often employed recently as Casemiro has found himself overlooked in favour of Kovacic in several big games, including the second leg against Bayern Munich.The dilemma with Casemiro is that he is probably Real's weakest player on the ball but without any doubt their strongest defensive presence front of the back four, where he is able to read the game well and use his powerful physique to break up opposition attacks.He did that very well in the first half, and with Modric and Kroos pulling the strings while Casemiro dutifully tidied up behind them, Real were able to comfortably take control of the encounter. But Casemiro can be a liability in possession, especially if he is being pressed, and Zidane is clearly torn between his physicality and Kovacic's greater ball playing skills.In any case, Zidane could opt for a different set-up altogether, often choosing to play with Asensio and Vazquez as wingers in a 4-4-2 shape, which tends to provide more protection for Marcelo's rampaging runs and would spread the pitch to make it more difficult for Liverpool's midfield to employ their preferred pressing tactics.Considering all the options available to Zidane and his willingness to make full use of them, one of Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's biggest difficulties in preparing for the final will be trying to anticipate which system Zidane will employ.Sunday's Clasico was a rare outing - perhaps even the last - for the 'BBC' forward line, which has been seen with increasing infrequency since Gareth Bale dropped down the pecking order to spark speculation that he will leave Madrid in the summer.This game was a return to that formation but with a tweak, as Karim Benzema operated from a starting position on the left of the front three to allow Ronaldo to maintain his new role through the middle - although there was plenty of fluidity so their positions were largely interchangeable.In the first half Benzema and Ronaldo worked very well together, with the Frenchman regularly dropping deep into midfield to link play with Modric and Kroos, while Ronaldo set his sights firmly and fiercely on the Barcelona goal.Their combination presents a major challenge to Liverpool centre-backs Virgil van Dijk and Dejan Lovren, who will have to decide how to track Benzema's movement into deeper positions whilst also managing the endless goal threat posed by Ronaldo.The Portuguese forward was simply excellent against Barcelona. He scored from Benzema's knockdown, sent a couple of headers over the bar, fired one low shot just wide and had another one well saved.Ronaldo was a constant goal threat, and Real fans will be praying there's no serious damage with the foot injury he sustained in the act of scoring and which forced him off at half-time - making his team look considerably less potent in front of goal after the break. His nose for goal is shown by the fact that he had more shots in 45 minutes (seven) than anyone else in the full 90.And what to make of Bale? On the whole this was a pretty poor performance from the Welshman, whose only significant action in the first half was a vicious studs-up challenge on Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti which could have easily warranted a straight red card but somehow escaped punishment.Bale improved after the break but was still largely a fringe presence until he sent a reminder of his undoubted qualities by popping up with a fabulous finish on the edge of the box to secure a draw. Whether that isolated moment in an otherwise disappointing display will be enough to promote him in Zidane's thinking for Kiev is unlikely, especially when Isco returns to fitness.But having Bale as the second or third choice from the bench shows just how much attacking power Zidane has at his disposal, and assuming Ronaldo's foot injury is nothing significant it's clear that Liverpool's defence had better be ready for a very long night.
finance;Warren Buffett says he never tries to 'time' stocks: 'I never have an opinion about the market'Warren Buffett says he never tries to 'time' stocks: 'I never have an opinion about the market'Warren Buffett believes trying to time the market is a waste of time and hazardous to investment success.The Oracle of Omaha explained why investors should avoid market predictions during Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in 1994, obtained through the CNBC Warren Buffett archive."I never have an opinion about the market because it wouldn't be any good and it might interfere with the opinions we have that are good," Buffett said. "If we're right about a business, if we think a business is attractive, it would be very foolish for us to not take action on that because we thought something about what the market was going to do. … If you're right about the businesses, you'll end up doing fine."Buffett said it is a "mistake" to not invest in a great company due to market worries.The billionaire shared he first started buying stocks in 1942 as an 11-year-old during a troubled point for the U.S. in World War II. He cited scary developments over the decades from major wars, atomic weapons, massive inflation and periods of political turmoil. If an investor avoided the market because of these macro concerns, he or she would have missed out on large equity gains.Counterintuitively, Buffett said the worst environment for a long-term investor is a surging stock market."The best thing that can happen from Berkshire's standpoint … over time is to have markets that go down a tremendous amount," he said. "We are going to be buyers of things over time. And if you're going to be buyers of groceries over time, you like grocery prices to go down. … What we fear is an irrational bull market that's sustained for some long period of time."
sport;Should Wayne Rooney stay at Everton or go elsewhere? The Sunday Supplement panel discuss Should Wayne Rooney stay at Everton or go elsewhere? The Sunday Supplement panel discuss as he is linked to a move to MLS side DC United.It emerged this week that a deal had been struck between Rooney's representatives and the club, and DC United manager Ben Olson also confirmed the interest, although insisted the move is not yet done.Rooney has been ruled out of Everton's match against West Ham on Sunday and could have made his final appearance for the Toffees - but should he leave the Premier League or stay for another season?The Sunday Supplement panel had their say...Martin Samuel - Chief Sports Writer, Daily Mail When he went to Everton, I was quite charmed by it. I liked the idea although a lot of people were quite cynical about it, but he is their top scorer this season and top on assists as well I think. He scored possibly the goal of the season against West Ham and scored a hat-trick in the game which turned their season.I know Sam [Allardyce] would like to take credit for it but it's David Unsworth on the touchline and it's Rooney's hat-trick. Although it seems to have petered out a bit, I'd like to see him stay there. I think he is a young man to be going to DC United in the MLS, I really do.There has got to be a way Everton can set up, maybe if there is a different manager or different ideas, where you can get more out of Rooney or there might be a way they can set up so he is an impact player. I know he would want to start every game because everyone does, but there must be a way Everton can work with Rooney because anyone that can do what he did to West Ham in that particular game, he hasn't forgotten how to play football in the four or five months since then. The idea that he has got nothing to offer isn't right.Neil Custis - Football Writer, The Sun His next move isn't about football, it's about him and his family. People think these MLS moves are sitting on the beach time and putting your feet up. I was over in New York a few years ago with Sam Cook, who does media for New York City FC, and he said it was like a Champions League week every week because of the vast distances you're having to travel and you can be away for two, three or four days. It is constant and can get wearing for the players, I think Steven Gerrard realised this and realised it wasn't all that.So his next move has to be for him and his family but I'd love to see him stay at Everton and see some more great moments from him.We were talking before we came on air about how he should be remembered and I think too many people look at the Rooney of the last three or four years. On You Tube, there is a video of Rooney's classic goals or something like that and some of the goals he scored are absolutely unbelievable [as are] some of the impressions he had on games.He was a sensational player and the very fact he is still back page news tells you the player he was, not the player he is. Whether he stays at Everton or not won't make a huge amount of difference to them, but at his height, Rooney was absolutely sensational. For me, one of the top five English players ever.Rooney has been playing professionally since he was 16. He is such an accomplished technical footballer, and he can do a lot of things other players can't do, but I just feel that there are increasingly fewer teams that accommodate the older player. That is not to say he is just trundling around, but he is certainly not a 22-year-old anymore.What struck me about the move is that most of our Premier League stars that have gone to the MLS have gone to New York or LA for obvious reasons - they're great places to live - and DC United are owned by the same people who own Swansea or there is certainly a connection.They are historically quite successful, but they are having a terrible season and they are bottom of the Eastern Conference. They have just built a new stadium, and obviously they want a big name to open it in July. I think they have got a run of 10 home games because they have played all their games away from home.It is not your archetypal MLS move, I'm sure it is a lovely place to live, but Everton are going to be making big changes and are Rooney and his agent Paul Stretford trying to find an accommodation whereby he will stay and threatening to leave or having an option to leave is always a good negotiating position? It feels to me like there might be some more twists and turns.
finance;Blockchain will help ‘drive this next industrial revolution,’ Wall Street bull predicts One of Wall Street's biggest bulls sees blockchain playing a big role as an economic growth driver.It still may be considered an emerging technology, but Federated Investors portfolio manager Steve Chiavarone is folding the electronic system, which records cryptocurrency transactions, into his stock market forecast."This is going to be one of five key technologies — along with automation, robotics, A.I. [artificial intelligence] and the Internet of things that drive this next industrial revolution," he said Friday on CNBC's "Trading Nation."He's not letting the growing pains currently gripping the cryptocurrency market affect his bullish view.Bitcoin, which has been referred to as the FANG stock of the crypto world, has been struggling to break $10,000 — just months after hitting a record price just shy of $20,000 last December.In fact, Chiavarone sees FANG stocks, which include top tech names Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google [Alphabet], as ultimately reaping benefits from blockchain's processing power — as well as areas from health care to financials."A lot of investors went to bitcoin first because it was the first way to access blockchain," added Chiavarone. "Look, big banks are investing in this heavily. Bank of America boasted at Davos earlier this year that they're investing the most."Chiavarone believes blockchain technology is valuable because it could potentially transform reconciliation, the action of verifying account balances in corporate America."It has an ability to replace reconciliation, which is expensive and requires back office and time and paperwork with more instantaneous verification," he said."What that means is companies can have more efficient supply chains. They can cut their back and middle office costs," Chiavarone said. "And, that will allow business to flow more efficiently and it'll allow costs to be cut and net savings to be passed along."
sport;Stevenson vs Jack: Adonis Stevenson and Badou Jack battle to a majority draw      Adonis Stevenson's world title clash with Badou Jack was scored a majority draw after a thrilling battle in Toronto.    WBC light-heavyweight champion Stevenson, 40, was dragged into deep waters by Jack and both fighters had commanding periods of success before scorecards of 115-113 to Jack and 114-114 twice meant the coveted green and gold belt stayed with 'Superman'.    Afterwards, the two fighters claimed they had done enough to take the decision and both said they would be happy to trade leather again in a rematch.    It was clear from the offset that Jack's gameplan was to test the fitness and age of Stevenson - making his ninth defence of the WBC belt - and he stuck to it astutely, patiently keeping out of range in the opening periods.    Stevenson, on the other hand, was keen to bring his thunderous left hand into play, seeking a familiar knockout blow, and after a cagey opener, the Canada-based Haitian started to find success in the second.    Jack remained comfortable though and continued to paw away with his jab from behind a tight guard, slowly growing in confidence, both men looking for openings.    The next few rounds were evenly contested as the action began to intensify, Stevenson, fighting out of a southpaw stance, on the front foot, the busier, but 'The Ripper' landing the cleaner, more eye-catching blows.    The contest then sparked into life in the fifth when the Haitian born champion went to work and a crunching left uppercut preceded heavy shots to the body that seemed to have Jack in some pain.    With the fervent Canadian crowd roaring him on, Stevenson came out for the sixth intent on finishing the job and he continued to fire home crippling body blows as he pushed the challenger onto the ropes, but Jack fought back resiliently, refusing to be over roared.    With 'Superman' seemingly in clear control, the momentum of the fight suddenly shifted massively in the seventh, a cracking combination from Jack forcing a hurt Stevenson onto the back-foot.    More heavy artillery continued to rain in as the 40-year-old title-holder started to look desperately tired and fatigued, seemingly on the brink of defeat.    A jolting right hand bloodied the nose of the southpaw in the ninth before a massive uppercut then rocked Stevenson in the closing seconds of the period.    With Jack well on top, victory seemed within his grasp, but there were more twists and turns to come as 'Superman' resolutely found a second wind and, in the tenth, the two light-heavyweights stood toe-to-toe in a pulsating round of action.    Suddenly Stevenson's earlier body work started to pay off in the next and, after a sustained attack to the midriff area, Jack was left wincing, now the one precariously trying to remain on his feet to see out the round.    The final three minutes saw both men doggedly trade on the inside and 'The Ripper' had his man badly hurt in the final moments, but the bell came to the rescue of the long-standing champion.    Speaking afterwards, Stevenson said: "I hurt him and I thought I won the fight. I went to the body and I saw that he was fatigued.    "Badou is a two-time world champion and a good fighter. I will give him a rematch."    A deflated Jack, who has two previous draws on his record, added: "I thought I definitely won the fight. No complaining, no judge had him winning.    "I can't do anything about it. Let's do a rematch, let's do it in Las Vegas - I came to his backyard."
finance;Oil boom sets European shares for best weekly streak since 2014  MILAN (Reuters) - European shares dipped in morning trading on Friday but were on course for eight straight weeks of gains, supported by a rally in energy shares and a weaker euro, which helped investors shrug off worries over Italy.    The pan-European STOXX 600 index fell 0.3 percent by 0827 GMT but remained near its highest level in more than three months and was up 0.5 percent on the week, while the FTSE .FTSE fell 0.2 percent from a record close on Thursday.    The last time the STOXX rose eight weeks in a row was in May 2014. After a turbulent start of the year, equities in Europe have been buoyed by a surge in crude prices to $80 which has prompted investors add exposure to the energy sector.    “Within our positive view on overall commodities, we remain neutral on energy. We prefer to gain exposure through energy equities, which have positive cash flows and efficient cash management,” the Investment Strategy Department of Credit Suisse said in a note.    The oil and gas index .SXEP is up more than 14 percent year to date, comfortably leading sectoral gainers in Europe. On Friday shares in the sector were taking a breather with shares in oil majors Eni (ENI.MI), Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) and Total (TOTF.PA) trading down between 0.5 and 0.9 percent.    The drop in the euro against a surging dollar has also helped ease worries that currency headwinds could erode earnings for export oriented companies. The weaker euro prompted Kepler upgrade German equities earlier this month.    Italy's FTSE MIB .FTMIB, down 0.2 percent, however has lagged and was set for its second straight week of losses as investors grew wary that a government accord between two anti-establishment parties could reduce fiscal discipline in the euro zone's third largest economy.    Enel (ENEI.MI) fell 0.6 percent after Goldman Sachs removed the Italian state-controlled utility from its list of favorite stocks, saying the energy policy plans of the 5-Star and League parties could dent prices.    Italian banks, considered a proxy for political risk in the country due to their government bond holdings, and utilities are seen as most exposed to government polices, while exporters are considered relatively safer.    Elsewhere, earnings updates were behind the biggest moves.    Richemont (CFR.S) fell 7.7 percent after the luxury goods group posted a net profit that fell short of expectations, partly due to buying back inventory, and said it could target strategic investments and divestments.    “We see the higher-than-expected inventory buybacks, slight miss on underlying EBIT and lower-than-expected dividend as being slightly disappointing,” UBS analysts said.    A solid update from Ubisoft (UBIP.PA) sent shares in the France’s biggest video game maker to a record high.
sport;Rafael Nadal wary of Novak Djokovic threat as world No 1 targets 11th French Open title  "Novak is one of the best players of our history of this sport. My answer is he's not coming back, he's there always"    Rafael Nadal insists Novak Djokovic remains a major threat to his hopes of an 11th French Open crown.    Serbian Djokovic has struggled to find his best form during a difficult few months having undergone elbow surgery.    The former world number one is the 20th seed at Roland Garros, but he showed glimpses of his old self at last week's Italian Open before bowing out to Nadal in the semi-finals.    Nadal, who has lost just twice in 81 matches on the red clay of Paris, is once again the heavy favourite to triumph.    But he said: "Novak is one of the best players of our history of this sport. My answer is he's not coming back, he's there always.    "Sometimes when you come back from injuries it's difficult to play that well from the beginning, but he played a great event in Rome, and is no doubt one of the candidates to win here."    Nadal, himself only recently back from a hip injury, went on to win in Rome and begins his French Open campaign against Ukraine's Alexandr Dolgopolov.    "I feel good," added the Spaniard, who is back at the top of the world rankings. "Of course after a very tough beginning of the season, with two injuries in the same place, it's true I came back and played well.    "I have played a lot of matches and had good success since I came back. But every tournament is different, and here we are to try our best, to have good days of practice before the tournament starts, and try to be very competitive for the beginning."    Alexander Zverev is another expected to challenge Nadal's dominance, the 21-year-old German taking him to three sets in the Rome final and winning in Munich and Madrid this year.    Zverev is seeded second and faces unfancied Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis in round one.    "It's obviously been a fantastic clay-court season for me," he said. "Winning so many matches in a row was great coming in here.    "Obviously there are a lot of other great players playing here - Rafa, Novak and everybody. They are all getting on top of their game.    "This is a long tournament with a lot of hard matches. I'm not trying to think that, you know, I'm going to play Rafa in the final. That's not how I'm thinking.    "I'm thinking about every single match. I'm thinking about how to beat Berankis in the first round. That's my thought process right now."
finance;Deutsche Bank axes at least 7,000 jobs in trading retreatDeutsche Bank axes at least 7,000 jobs in trading retreat    FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) is slashing more than 7,000 jobs to cut costs and restore profitability, while keeping its international reach as its new CEO seeks to reassure investors and clients.    Germany’s biggest bank said global headcount would fall to well below 90,000 from 97,000, with a 25 percent cut in equities sales and trading jobs, which are mainly in New York and London and where it has been losing ground to U.S. rivals.    Deutsche Bank did not give a specific number, but a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters ahead of the lender’s annual general meeting on Thursday that it was aiming to axe 10,000 positions.    Christian Sewing, who became CEO in an abrupt management reshuffle last month, said the bank was committed to its international presence, fleshing out his plan to scale back its global investment bank and refocus on Europe and its home market after three consecutive years of losses.    Last month the bank flagged cuts to U.S. bond trading, equities, and its business serving hedge funds.    “We remain committed to our Corporate & Investment Bank and our international presence – we are unwavering in that,” Sewing said, while acknowledging a “challenging” revenue environment.    Deutsche Bank has already dismissed 600 investment bankers over the past seven weeks and will cut spending by 1 billion euros ($1.17 billion) by the end of 2019 in its investment bank.    “This reduction is already fully underway, and so far, due to the considered way we’ve handled this, we have not seen any meaningful revenue attrition,” Sewing said.    EUROPE’S ALTERNATIVE  Deutsche Bank has long been a default source of lending and advice for German companies seeking to expand abroad or raise money through the bond or equity markets, a role which has had the tacit backing of successive governments in Berlin.    Sewing said that Deutsche Bank’s position as a competitor to the Wall Street banking heavyweights such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America, whose clout has grown in recent years, remained an important focus.    “We are Europe’s alternative in the international financing and capital markets business. However, we must concentrate on what we truly do well,” he said.    Another big European bank, BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA), effectively ruled out any tie-up with the German lender as the French bank’s chief executive told its shareholders that it was not considering big deals.    “In the foreseeable future, the group has no intention to carry out large-sized operations, because it is not possible,” Jean-Laurent Bonnafe said, when asked by an investor at its AGM if BNP was “analysing” Deutsche Bank.    Deutsche Bank has been losing ground to rivals in investment banking in all regions, Thomson Reuters data shows. Its ranking for investment banking fees fell to 10th from 8th in the Americas between 2010 and 2017,to 15th from 6th in Asia-Pacific and to 3rd from 2nd in Europe.    Coalition data shows that in global equities, Deutsche has also lost market share in the cash, derivatives and prime services businesses over the same period. Overall in global equities it ranked between 7th and 9th in 2017 against a ranking of between 4th and 7th in 2010.    The reductions will reduce the investment bank’s leverage exposure by 100 billion euros, or 10 percent, but KBW analysts said the moves were disappointing and its shares closed 4.8 percent lower, marking a nearly 35 percent decline this year.    “We view this as confirmation of our view that drastic but necessary restructuring is impossible at this stage,” KBW wrote.    “We remain concerned with their ability to generate free cash flow to support business growth post restructuring,” it said, adding that to achieve its target for a return on tangible equity of 10 percent, Deutsche would need 6 billion euros of profit, something the broker viewed as highly unlikely.    The cuts are merely a first step and further details are needed, Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment which holds Deutsche Bank shares, said.    “We would have liked to see concrete announcements at today’s shareholder meeting,” he told Reuters. “We need clarity on how the decisions will affect the bottom line.”      SHAREHOLDER PRESSURE  Deutsche Bank shareholders, who were fed with Frankfurter sausages and pretzels at the AGM, called on it to speed up the recovery process after months of internal turmoil.    “It is high-time to ... end the years-long and still-popular ‘Deutsche Bank bashing’ and get to work finally getting our bank back on its feet after six long years of restructuring,” Klaus Nieding of shareholder lobby group DSW said.    Chairman Paul Achleitner last month abruptly replaced CEO John Cryan with Sewing amid investor complaints the bank was falling behind in executing a turnaround plan.    Achleitner defended his decision, adding that U.S. banker John Thain would head a new strategy committee on the supervisory board of the bank, which is also under pressure from credit ratings agencies.    Achleitner survived a motion to remove him from the supervisory board, with only 9 percent of shareholders voting for the measure.    In a separate vote, Achleitner received support from 84.4 percent of shareholders for his actions in 2017, below the rates of well above 90 percent that shareholders typically give executives and board members at AGMs.  
sport;French Open 2018: Novak Djokovic beats qualifier Rogerio Dutra Silva    Novak Djokovic made the second round of the French Open after beating Brazilian qualifier Rogerio Dutra Silva.    The former world number one, seeded 20th at Roland Garros, went 2-0 down at the start of the first two sets but recovered to come through 6-3 6-4 6-4.    The injury-hit Serb, 31, has not won a Grand Slam title since his victory in Paris in 2016.    Meanwhile Stan Wawrinka, another former champion who has struggled with injury, lost his opener.    The Swiss 23rd seed, who overcame Djokovic in the French Open final in 2015, was beaten 6-2 3-6 4-6 7-6 (7-5) 6-3 by Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez.    That defeat means Wawrinka will fall from world number 30 to outside the top 250 when the new standings are released on 11 June.    Elsewhere, the match between number one seed and 10-time champion Rafael Nadal and Italian Simone Bolelli was suspended because of rain.    The Spaniard had a two-set lead but was 3-0 down in the third set against the impressive Bolelli when the weather started to worsen.    Austrian seventh seed Dominic Thiem overcame Ilya Ivashka of Belarus 6-2 6-4 6-1. Thiem will now face Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas, ranked 39th, while Djokovic takes on Spain's Juame Munar, the world number 155.    Djokovic, now ranked 12th, said before the tournament that his confidence had been knocked after suffering a recurring elbow problem, which required surgery in January.    He returned to training in March and fell to successive first-round defeats at Indian Wells and the Miami Open.    But the 12-time Grand Slam champion reached the semi-finals of the Italian Open earlier this month and looked fairly comfortable against Dutra Silva, the world number 134.    The Brazilian got off to the best possible start by breaking his opponent in the opening game, before Djokovic got into his stride.    Dutra Silva had his opponent rattled in the third set after they exchanged breaks, and Djokovic slammed a loose ball against the advertising boards in anger before apologising to the crowd for his reaction.    In the end, the Serb brought up three match points and served it out at the second attempt.    
finance;Bank of England and UK finance ministry divided over city regulation after Brexit - FT   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain’s finance ministry and the Bank of England are at odds over how to regulate financial services in the City of London after Brexit, the Financial Times reported on Monday, citing unnamed officials.    Finance minister Philip Hammond favours an approach that would keep Britain close to the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc, but the central bank does not want to be left as a “rule-taker”, according to the report.    “It is very, very bad. The bank wants to have as much control as possible and doesn’t want to be a rule-taker,” the FT quoted one BoE official as saying. Another said there was a fear that the finance ministry “is going to give it all away”.    The Bank of England (BoE) declined to comment on the report.  The BoE and the finance ministry, known in Britain as the Treasury, had both backed “mutual recognition” as the basis of a deal in financial services, meaning close co-operation between regulators and financial policymakers would see British and EU regulations recognised by the other party.    However, the EU’s chief negotiator on Brexit Michel Barnier said last month the bloc’s existing system of market access for foreign financial firms could work well for Britain after it leaves the European Union, reducing the chances that Britain’s financial sector will get the bespoke deal that London is hoping for.    The search for a plan B has exposed the divisions between the BoE’s deputy governor for financial stability Jon Cunliffe and the Treasury on the issue, the FT said.    A spokesman for the Treasury said it was united with the Bank of England in aiming to ensure the stability and prosperity of the economy.    “We are working together to ensure that the UK continues to remain the pre-eminent financial services centre of the world,” the spokesman said. “We agree the United Kingdom cannot be an automatic rule-taker.”
sport;Lionel Messi: Barcelona forward 'increasingly sure' he will not join another European team      Barcelona forward Lionel Messi says he is "increasingly sure" that he will never play for another European club.    Messi, who has spent his whole senior career with Barca, scoring 552 goals, has been linked with Pep Guardiola's Manchester City in the past.    The 30-year-old suggested that he could return to his homeland in Argentina to play for Newell's Old Boys.    "I always said I wanted to play in Argentine football one day," Messi told Argentine television station El Trece.    "I don't know if it will happen but I have it in my mind. It would be at Newell's, nowhere else. I would like to do that for at least six months, but you never know what will happen.    "I'm increasingly sure that in Europe, Barcelona will be my only club."    Messi, who is with the Argentina squad preparing for the 2018 World Cup in Russia, started out at Newell's Old Boys before joining Barcelona aged 13.    He signed a new deal with Barcelona last November which runs until 2021 and has a buyout clause of 700m euros (£612m).    Messi has won a Fifa Under-20 World Cup and Olympic gold medal with his country but has yet to win a senior international competition, losing the final in the 2014 World Cup and three Copas America.    However, he says he does not regret choosing to play for his native country rather than Spain, who won the World Cup in 2010.    "The other day I was talking to a friend and he told me 'if you had chosen Spain, you'd be a World Cup winner already', but it wouldn't have been the same," added Messi.    "Obviously in no moment did I think about doing that. To win it with Argentina would be something unique."    
finance;Markets need more clarity, and progress, on US trade and foreign policy issues      The G-7 summit meeting next month is an opportunity for President Donald Trump to clarify his views on trade and multilateral economic and political foundations of the world order.    It would be a great pity if the occasion were missed because — as some foreign leaders argue — Trump was too absorbed by watershed Congressional elections in early November.    There is no doubt that the president realizes how much the world affairs are inextricably part of key events that will determine the fate of his time in office next fall. Wall Street is reminding him of that every day with asset price changes in the wake of tax cuts, jobs and income gains and hopes of stopping America's decades-old losses of material wealth and cutting-edge intellectual property to unfair and predatory foreign trade practices.    It is urgent to begin showing some progress on those issues. Not by one-liner tweets, but with a clearly stated call for action on America's vitally important national interests.    That should be a comfortable exercise. America's trade case is solid. In the opposite corner are people posing as defenders of multilateralism and free trade who are, in fact, responsible for excessive trade surpluses at the expense of the U.S. and the rest of the world.    Here is a thought on how that could go.    The combined surplus of China and Germany on current transactions with the rest of the world came in last year at $463.4 billion. During the same period, the U.S. trade deficit on the equivalent external account was $466.2 billion.    If those three countries — representing nearly 40 percent of global demand and output — were taken as a proxy for the world economy, you would have a perfect textbook case to show that the balance of payments of the world is zero, exactly as it should be, with minor measurement errors.    What that also shows is that the Chinese and German trade surpluses would be enough to finance American deficits through purchases of U.S. government debt instruments. In other words, the Chinese and the Germans would be adding to their net foreign assets by recycling the dollars America paid them for their goods and services.      America, of course, is left holding the bag: It is accumulating net foreign debt. At the end of last year, that debt was recently estimated to have stood at $7.8 trillion.    Big deal? Of course it is, on several counts.    First, large and systematic trade deficits indicate an economic policy that excessively relies on external demand to generate income and employment. These are export-driven growth strategies also known under a less flattering name of "beggar-thy-neighbor" policies, because the countries pursuing such objectives live off their trade partners.    Second, those countries are in violation of the long-established rules of trade adjustment. They are also flouting constant G-20 recommendations to balance trade accounts for a stable world economy.    Third, these two major surplus countries are doing nothing in response to U.S. trade complaints over the last year-and-a-half. In the first quarter of this year, the combined trade surpluses of China and the Germany-led European Union accounted for 62.4 percent of America's total trade gap. That is almost identical to 65 percent for last year as a whole.    With all that, the trade miscreants, and their apologists, continue to vilify the U.S. as a protectionist destroying the rules-based multinational trading system — simply because Washington sought relief from soaring debts and deficits, with losses of jobs, incomes and intellectual property.    And that outrageous perversion continues. As recently as last Friday, the International Monetary Fund, the U.N.'s key economic and financial agency, warned at an international business meeting in Russia about "the darkest cloud" over the world economy caused by the "determination of some (read: the U.S.) to actually rock the system that has actually presided over the trade relationships that we have all undertaken and enjoyed to some extent over the last many decades."    Enjoyed, indeed — at America's expense.    That's what Trump is told by a U.N. agency whose original charter calls for a symmetrical obligation of deficit and surplus countries to balance their trade accounts in order to make possible a system of stable exchange rates in a steadily growing world economy. Essentially, that is still the IMF's mission.    Washington should take a note of that, and stop whining that balancing America's trade accounts will be very difficult. That defeatist stand sounds like the countries that, in Trump's vernacular, are "ripping us off" should be doing the country a favor by buying more American goods and services.    This is no time for a trade discourse via tweets and occasional off-the-cuff broadsides. The G-7 meeting next week is a stage to demand a rapid reduction of America's excessive trade deficits.    Trump should also know that his trade opponents are regrouping. German Chancellor Angela Merkel completed last week her 11th visit to Beijing, where, apparently, she secured substantial alternatives to German export sales on American markets. German media are reporting that she even explored a free-trade agreement with China — a total reversal of recent threats and accusations she leveled at Beijing's discriminatory trade and investment practices, and the Chinese meddling in Germany's Central and East European backyards.    That's called realpolitik, and it came with kudos from German media for showing Trump how things are done.    Investment thoughts  With the Federal Reserve poised for interest rate increases in response to rising inflation and a strengthening economy, markets are increasingly sensitive to trade frictions and military confrontations.    The U.S. should calm things down by making sure that China and the EU accept — without the usual equivocations — to fully cooperate in a rapid balancing out of trade accounts with America.    Overseas tensions with proxy wars and debilitating sanctions is another source of problems depressing U.S. asset prices — in spite of a favorable market environment created by supportive fiscal policies and the Fed's measured pace of liquidity withdrawals.    Unless Trump can reduce trade frictions and geopolitical confrontations in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and East Asia, he should not count on another tax cut to rev up financial markets in anticipation of next November's elections.      
