Warren Buffett says he never tries to 'time' stocks: 'I never have an opinion about the market'Warren Buffett says he never tries to 'time' stocks: 'I never have an opinion about the market'Warren Buffett believes trying to time the market is a waste of time and hazardous to investment success.The Oracle of Omaha explained why investors should avoid market predictions during Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in 1994, obtained through the CNBC Warren Buffett archive."I never have an opinion about the market because it wouldn't be any good and it might interfere with the opinions we have that are good," Buffett said. "If we're right about a business, if we think a business is attractive, it would be very foolish for us to not take action on that because we thought something about what the market was going to do. … If you're right about the businesses, you'll end up doing fine."Buffett said it is a "mistake" to not invest in a great company due to market worries.The billionaire shared he first started buying stocks in 1942 as an 11-year-old during a troubled point for the U.S. in World War II. He cited scary developments over the decades from major wars, atomic weapons, massive inflation and periods of political turmoil. If an investor avoided the market because of these macro concerns, he or she would have missed out on large equity gains.Counterintuitively, Buffett said the worst environment for a long-term investor is a surging stock market."The best thing that can happen from Berkshire's standpoint … over time is to have markets that go down a tremendous amount," he said. "We are going to be buyers of things over time. And if you're going to be buyers of groceries over time, you like grocery prices to go down. … What we fear is an irrational bull market that's sustained for some long period of time."
Blockchain will help ‘drive this next industrial revolution,’ Wall Street bull predicts One of Wall Street's biggest bulls sees blockchain playing a big role as an economic growth driver.It still may be considered an emerging technology, but Federated Investors portfolio manager Steve Chiavarone is folding the electronic system, which records cryptocurrency transactions, into his stock market forecast."This is going to be one of five key technologies — along with automation, robotics, A.I. [artificial intelligence] and the Internet of things that drive this next industrial revolution," he said Friday on CNBC's "Trading Nation."He's not letting the growing pains currently gripping the cryptocurrency market affect his bullish view.Bitcoin, which has been referred to as the FANG stock of the crypto world, has been struggling to break $10,000 — just months after hitting a record price just shy of $20,000 last December.In fact, Chiavarone sees FANG stocks, which include top tech names Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google [Alphabet], as ultimately reaping benefits from blockchain's processing power — as well as areas from health care to financials."A lot of investors went to bitcoin first because it was the first way to access blockchain," added Chiavarone. "Look, big banks are investing in this heavily. Bank of America boasted at Davos earlier this year that they're investing the most."Chiavarone believes blockchain technology is valuable because it could potentially transform reconciliation, the action of verifying account balances in corporate America."It has an ability to replace reconciliation, which is expensive and requires back office and time and paperwork with more instantaneous verification," he said."What that means is companies can have more efficient supply chains. They can cut their back and middle office costs," Chiavarone said. "And, that will allow business to flow more efficiently and it'll allow costs to be cut and net savings to be passed along."
Oil boom sets European shares for best weekly streak since 2014  MILAN (Reuters) - European shares dipped in morning trading on Friday but were on course for eight straight weeks of gains, supported by a rally in energy shares and a weaker euro, which helped investors shrug off worries over Italy.    The pan-European STOXX 600 index fell 0.3 percent by 0827 GMT but remained near its highest level in more than three months and was up 0.5 percent on the week, while the FTSE .FTSE fell 0.2 percent from a record close on Thursday.    The last time the STOXX rose eight weeks in a row was in May 2014. After a turbulent start of the year, equities in Europe have been buoyed by a surge in crude prices to $80 which has prompted investors add exposure to the energy sector.    “Within our positive view on overall commodities, we remain neutral on energy. We prefer to gain exposure through energy equities, which have positive cash flows and efficient cash management,” the Investment Strategy Department of Credit Suisse said in a note.    The oil and gas index .SXEP is up more than 14 percent year to date, comfortably leading sectoral gainers in Europe. On Friday shares in the sector were taking a breather with shares in oil majors Eni (ENI.MI), Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) and Total (TOTF.PA) trading down between 0.5 and 0.9 percent.    The drop in the euro against a surging dollar has also helped ease worries that currency headwinds could erode earnings for export oriented companies. The weaker euro prompted Kepler upgrade German equities earlier this month.    Italy's FTSE MIB .FTMIB, down 0.2 percent, however has lagged and was set for its second straight week of losses as investors grew wary that a government accord between two anti-establishment parties could reduce fiscal discipline in the euro zone's third largest economy.    Enel (ENEI.MI) fell 0.6 percent after Goldman Sachs removed the Italian state-controlled utility from its list of favorite stocks, saying the energy policy plans of the 5-Star and League parties could dent prices.    Italian banks, considered a proxy for political risk in the country due to their government bond holdings, and utilities are seen as most exposed to government polices, while exporters are considered relatively safer.    Elsewhere, earnings updates were behind the biggest moves.    Richemont (CFR.S) fell 7.7 percent after the luxury goods group posted a net profit that fell short of expectations, partly due to buying back inventory, and said it could target strategic investments and divestments.    “We see the higher-than-expected inventory buybacks, slight miss on underlying EBIT and lower-than-expected dividend as being slightly disappointing,” UBS analysts said.    A solid update from Ubisoft (UBIP.PA) sent shares in the France’s biggest video game maker to a record high.
Deutsche Bank axes at least 7,000 jobs in trading retreatDeutsche Bank axes at least 7,000 jobs in trading retreat    FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) is slashing more than 7,000 jobs to cut costs and restore profitability, while keeping its international reach as its new CEO seeks to reassure investors and clients.    Germany’s biggest bank said global headcount would fall to well below 90,000 from 97,000, with a 25 percent cut in equities sales and trading jobs, which are mainly in New York and London and where it has been losing ground to U.S. rivals.    Deutsche Bank did not give a specific number, but a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters ahead of the lender’s annual general meeting on Thursday that it was aiming to axe 10,000 positions.    Christian Sewing, who became CEO in an abrupt management reshuffle last month, said the bank was committed to its international presence, fleshing out his plan to scale back its global investment bank and refocus on Europe and its home market after three consecutive years of losses.    Last month the bank flagged cuts to U.S. bond trading, equities, and its business serving hedge funds.    “We remain committed to our Corporate & Investment Bank and our international presence – we are unwavering in that,” Sewing said, while acknowledging a “challenging” revenue environment.    Deutsche Bank has already dismissed 600 investment bankers over the past seven weeks and will cut spending by 1 billion euros ($1.17 billion) by the end of 2019 in its investment bank.    “This reduction is already fully underway, and so far, due to the considered way we’ve handled this, we have not seen any meaningful revenue attrition,” Sewing said.    EUROPE’S ALTERNATIVE  Deutsche Bank has long been a default source of lending and advice for German companies seeking to expand abroad or raise money through the bond or equity markets, a role which has had the tacit backing of successive governments in Berlin.    Sewing said that Deutsche Bank’s position as a competitor to the Wall Street banking heavyweights such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America, whose clout has grown in recent years, remained an important focus.    “We are Europe’s alternative in the international financing and capital markets business. However, we must concentrate on what we truly do well,” he said.    Another big European bank, BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA), effectively ruled out any tie-up with the German lender as the French bank’s chief executive told its shareholders that it was not considering big deals.    “In the foreseeable future, the group has no intention to carry out large-sized operations, because it is not possible,” Jean-Laurent Bonnafe said, when asked by an investor at its AGM if BNP was “analysing” Deutsche Bank.    Deutsche Bank has been losing ground to rivals in investment banking in all regions, Thomson Reuters data shows. Its ranking for investment banking fees fell to 10th from 8th in the Americas between 2010 and 2017,to 15th from 6th in Asia-Pacific and to 3rd from 2nd in Europe.    Coalition data shows that in global equities, Deutsche has also lost market share in the cash, derivatives and prime services businesses over the same period. Overall in global equities it ranked between 7th and 9th in 2017 against a ranking of between 4th and 7th in 2010.    The reductions will reduce the investment bank’s leverage exposure by 100 billion euros, or 10 percent, but KBW analysts said the moves were disappointing and its shares closed 4.8 percent lower, marking a nearly 35 percent decline this year.    “We view this as confirmation of our view that drastic but necessary restructuring is impossible at this stage,” KBW wrote.    “We remain concerned with their ability to generate free cash flow to support business growth post restructuring,” it said, adding that to achieve its target for a return on tangible equity of 10 percent, Deutsche would need 6 billion euros of profit, something the broker viewed as highly unlikely.    The cuts are merely a first step and further details are needed, Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment which holds Deutsche Bank shares, said.    “We would have liked to see concrete announcements at today’s shareholder meeting,” he told Reuters. “We need clarity on how the decisions will affect the bottom line.”      SHAREHOLDER PRESSURE  Deutsche Bank shareholders, who were fed with Frankfurter sausages and pretzels at the AGM, called on it to speed up the recovery process after months of internal turmoil.    “It is high-time to ... end the years-long and still-popular ‘Deutsche Bank bashing’ and get to work finally getting our bank back on its feet after six long years of restructuring,” Klaus Nieding of shareholder lobby group DSW said.    Chairman Paul Achleitner last month abruptly replaced CEO John Cryan with Sewing amid investor complaints the bank was falling behind in executing a turnaround plan.    Achleitner defended his decision, adding that U.S. banker John Thain would head a new strategy committee on the supervisory board of the bank, which is also under pressure from credit ratings agencies.    Achleitner survived a motion to remove him from the supervisory board, with only 9 percent of shareholders voting for the measure.    In a separate vote, Achleitner received support from 84.4 percent of shareholders for his actions in 2017, below the rates of well above 90 percent that shareholders typically give executives and board members at AGMs.  
Bank of England and UK finance ministry divided over city regulation after Brexit - FT   LONDON (Reuters) - Britain’s finance ministry and the Bank of England are at odds over how to regulate financial services in the City of London after Brexit, the Financial Times reported on Monday, citing unnamed officials.    Finance minister Philip Hammond favours an approach that would keep Britain close to the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc, but the central bank does not want to be left as a “rule-taker”, according to the report.    “It is very, very bad. The bank wants to have as much control as possible and doesn’t want to be a rule-taker,” the FT quoted one BoE official as saying. Another said there was a fear that the finance ministry “is going to give it all away”.    The Bank of England (BoE) declined to comment on the report.  The BoE and the finance ministry, known in Britain as the Treasury, had both backed “mutual recognition” as the basis of a deal in financial services, meaning close co-operation between regulators and financial policymakers would see British and EU regulations recognised by the other party.    However, the EU’s chief negotiator on Brexit Michel Barnier said last month the bloc’s existing system of market access for foreign financial firms could work well for Britain after it leaves the European Union, reducing the chances that Britain’s financial sector will get the bespoke deal that London is hoping for.    The search for a plan B has exposed the divisions between the BoE’s deputy governor for financial stability Jon Cunliffe and the Treasury on the issue, the FT said.    A spokesman for the Treasury said it was united with the Bank of England in aiming to ensure the stability and prosperity of the economy.    “We are working together to ensure that the UK continues to remain the pre-eminent financial services centre of the world,” the spokesman said. “We agree the United Kingdom cannot be an automatic rule-taker.”
Markets need more clarity, and progress, on US trade and foreign policy issues      The G-7 summit meeting next month is an opportunity for President Donald Trump to clarify his views on trade and multilateral economic and political foundations of the world order.    It would be a great pity if the occasion were missed because — as some foreign leaders argue — Trump was too absorbed by watershed Congressional elections in early November.    There is no doubt that the president realizes how much the world affairs are inextricably part of key events that will determine the fate of his time in office next fall. Wall Street is reminding him of that every day with asset price changes in the wake of tax cuts, jobs and income gains and hopes of stopping America's decades-old losses of material wealth and cutting-edge intellectual property to unfair and predatory foreign trade practices.    It is urgent to begin showing some progress on those issues. Not by one-liner tweets, but with a clearly stated call for action on America's vitally important national interests.    That should be a comfortable exercise. America's trade case is solid. In the opposite corner are people posing as defenders of multilateralism and free trade who are, in fact, responsible for excessive trade surpluses at the expense of the U.S. and the rest of the world.    Here is a thought on how that could go.    The combined surplus of China and Germany on current transactions with the rest of the world came in last year at $463.4 billion. During the same period, the U.S. trade deficit on the equivalent external account was $466.2 billion.    If those three countries — representing nearly 40 percent of global demand and output — were taken as a proxy for the world economy, you would have a perfect textbook case to show that the balance of payments of the world is zero, exactly as it should be, with minor measurement errors.    What that also shows is that the Chinese and German trade surpluses would be enough to finance American deficits through purchases of U.S. government debt instruments. In other words, the Chinese and the Germans would be adding to their net foreign assets by recycling the dollars America paid them for their goods and services.      America, of course, is left holding the bag: It is accumulating net foreign debt. At the end of last year, that debt was recently estimated to have stood at $7.8 trillion.    Big deal? Of course it is, on several counts.    First, large and systematic trade deficits indicate an economic policy that excessively relies on external demand to generate income and employment. These are export-driven growth strategies also known under a less flattering name of "beggar-thy-neighbor" policies, because the countries pursuing such objectives live off their trade partners.    Second, those countries are in violation of the long-established rules of trade adjustment. They are also flouting constant G-20 recommendations to balance trade accounts for a stable world economy.    Third, these two major surplus countries are doing nothing in response to U.S. trade complaints over the last year-and-a-half. In the first quarter of this year, the combined trade surpluses of China and the Germany-led European Union accounted for 62.4 percent of America's total trade gap. That is almost identical to 65 percent for last year as a whole.    With all that, the trade miscreants, and their apologists, continue to vilify the U.S. as a protectionist destroying the rules-based multinational trading system — simply because Washington sought relief from soaring debts and deficits, with losses of jobs, incomes and intellectual property.    And that outrageous perversion continues. As recently as last Friday, the International Monetary Fund, the U.N.'s key economic and financial agency, warned at an international business meeting in Russia about "the darkest cloud" over the world economy caused by the "determination of some (read: the U.S.) to actually rock the system that has actually presided over the trade relationships that we have all undertaken and enjoyed to some extent over the last many decades."    Enjoyed, indeed — at America's expense.    That's what Trump is told by a U.N. agency whose original charter calls for a symmetrical obligation of deficit and surplus countries to balance their trade accounts in order to make possible a system of stable exchange rates in a steadily growing world economy. Essentially, that is still the IMF's mission.    Washington should take a note of that, and stop whining that balancing America's trade accounts will be very difficult. That defeatist stand sounds like the countries that, in Trump's vernacular, are "ripping us off" should be doing the country a favor by buying more American goods and services.    This is no time for a trade discourse via tweets and occasional off-the-cuff broadsides. The G-7 meeting next week is a stage to demand a rapid reduction of America's excessive trade deficits.    Trump should also know that his trade opponents are regrouping. German Chancellor Angela Merkel completed last week her 11th visit to Beijing, where, apparently, she secured substantial alternatives to German export sales on American markets. German media are reporting that she even explored a free-trade agreement with China — a total reversal of recent threats and accusations she leveled at Beijing's discriminatory trade and investment practices, and the Chinese meddling in Germany's Central and East European backyards.    That's called realpolitik, and it came with kudos from German media for showing Trump how things are done.    Investment thoughts  With the Federal Reserve poised for interest rate increases in response to rising inflation and a strengthening economy, markets are increasingly sensitive to trade frictions and military confrontations.    The U.S. should calm things down by making sure that China and the EU accept — without the usual equivocations — to fully cooperate in a rapid balancing out of trade accounts with America.    Overseas tensions with proxy wars and debilitating sanctions is another source of problems depressing U.S. asset prices — in spite of a favorable market environment created by supportive fiscal policies and the Fed's measured pace of liquidity withdrawals.    Unless Trump can reduce trade frictions and geopolitical confrontations in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and East Asia, he should not count on another tax cut to rev up financial markets in anticipation of next November's elections.      
