Real Madrid 2-2 Barcelona: What can Liverpool learn from El Clasico? Sunday's highly eventful Clasico, which finished as a 2-2 draw, showed Real Madrid at their best and worst, giving Liverpool fans reason for both optimism and concern for the Champions League final in Kiev on Saturday, 26 May. The chief hallmarks of this strange season for the Bernabeu giants have been inconsistency and unpredictability - in terms of team selection, tactics and overall quality of performance, and all those ingredients were on display in a frantic night at the Nou Camp. At times Los Blancos were simply excellent, especially in the final half hour of the opening period when they deservedly equalised through the always dangerous Cristiano Ronaldo, having taken complete control of the game as Barca were unable to keep hold of possession or mount threatening attacks. But Real ended up having to settle for a share of the spoils after also showing their flaws both individually and collectively, littering their performance with mistakes and occasionally allowing their team shape to become very ragged - despite playing with an extra man for 45 minutes after Sergi Roberto's sending off just before the break. Let's break down a performance which had a bit of good, bad and ugly, perfectly showing both the strengths and weaknesses of Zinedine Zidane's team and allowing Liverpool fans to believe that although their upcoming opponents are capable of being very good indeed, they are certainly not unbeatable.Zidane was missing his first-choice right-back Dani Carvajal, but that gave him an opportunity to welcome back the versatile and underrated Nacho after injury. Nacho's importance is often overlooked - he can play anywhere across the backline and Zidane would have no hesitation in starting him against Liverpool if any of the first-choice back four are injured.However, on this occasion Nacho looked understandably rusty in his first start for more than a month, and he was replaced for the final stages by Lucas Vazquez - usually a winger - after getting a yellow card and becoming a dismissal risk. Carvajal, who has a hamstring injury, would significantly improve the team if he returns for the Liverpool meeting.Most of the night, and especially during the first half, Real were solid defensively. Led by outstanding captain Sergio Ramos they pressed with intensity and conviction, closing down the space available to Barcelona with the considerable assistance of defensive midfielder Casemiro.But there were also some serious lapses, starting with the opening goal which was constructed far too easily by the home team, taking advantage of Real's very high line with a couple of simple passes to release Roberto, whose unchallenged cross from the right flank was converted by Luis Suarez.If there's one thing we know Liverpool can do after their semi-final against Roma, it's taking advantage of a high defensive line.As often happens, Marcelo was nowhere to be seen when that goal was scored, with the experienced Brazilian caught well upfield and unable to get back - forcing Nacho to come into the middle and leave Suarez unmarked as he peeled away to the far post.It doesn't even really feel right to call Marcelo a defender considering the amount of time he spends around the opposition penalty area, and that is very much a double-edged sword: he is probably the best attacking full-back in the world, but very regularly leaves oceans of space for opponents to exploit behind him.It's not by accident that Bayern right-back Joshua Kimmich netted in both legs of the Champions League semi-final, and the pace of Liverpool's front three on the break could prove to be exceptionally dangerous in Kiev, especially if they can target the left-back slot when Marcelo is nowhere to be seen.Although Real will feel aggrieved that Suarez clearly appeared to foul Raphael Varane in the build-up to Barcelona's other goal, brilliantly netted by Lionel Messi, you have to wonder why a team playing against 10 men left themselves so badly exposed after Varane had lost out - and the same applied a little later when Suarez released Messi for a one-on-one chance which goalkeeper Keylor Navas did well to keep out.There was also another outing for Ramos' famous lapses in discipline, with the volatile Spain international needlessly getting himself booked after provoking a tussle with Suarez. Ramos was subsequently lucky to escape a second yellow as he fouled Ivan Rakitic, meaning that he could very easily have earned himself a completely unnecessary sending off - not for the first time in his career.Ramos is always liable to get himself into trouble with officials, and the skill and trickery of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane could force him to walk a disciplinary tightrope once again.And more generally, this Clasico showed something that has been apparent all season: Real Madrid always give you a chance. With the form they've shown in recent months, Salah, Mane and Roberto Firmino should be able to create clear goalscoring chances against this defence.The established trio of enforcer Casemiro behind ball players Luka Modric and Toni Kroos was selected by Zidane for this game, with versatile Isco injured and wingers Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez on the bench along with energetic Croat Mateo Kovacic.This was a return to the midfield system used by Zidane for the majority of games during his first season in charge, but less often employed recently as Casemiro has found himself overlooked in favour of Kovacic in several big games, including the second leg against Bayern Munich.The dilemma with Casemiro is that he is probably Real's weakest player on the ball but without any doubt their strongest defensive presence front of the back four, where he is able to read the game well and use his powerful physique to break up opposition attacks.He did that very well in the first half, and with Modric and Kroos pulling the strings while Casemiro dutifully tidied up behind them, Real were able to comfortably take control of the encounter. But Casemiro can be a liability in possession, especially if he is being pressed, and Zidane is clearly torn between his physicality and Kovacic's greater ball playing skills.In any case, Zidane could opt for a different set-up altogether, often choosing to play with Asensio and Vazquez as wingers in a 4-4-2 shape, which tends to provide more protection for Marcelo's rampaging runs and would spread the pitch to make it more difficult for Liverpool's midfield to employ their preferred pressing tactics.Considering all the options available to Zidane and his willingness to make full use of them, one of Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's biggest difficulties in preparing for the final will be trying to anticipate which system Zidane will employ.Sunday's Clasico was a rare outing - perhaps even the last - for the 'BBC' forward line, which has been seen with increasing infrequency since Gareth Bale dropped down the pecking order to spark speculation that he will leave Madrid in the summer.This game was a return to that formation but with a tweak, as Karim Benzema operated from a starting position on the left of the front three to allow Ronaldo to maintain his new role through the middle - although there was plenty of fluidity so their positions were largely interchangeable.In the first half Benzema and Ronaldo worked very well together, with the Frenchman regularly dropping deep into midfield to link play with Modric and Kroos, while Ronaldo set his sights firmly and fiercely on the Barcelona goal.Their combination presents a major challenge to Liverpool centre-backs Virgil van Dijk and Dejan Lovren, who will have to decide how to track Benzema's movement into deeper positions whilst also managing the endless goal threat posed by Ronaldo.The Portuguese forward was simply excellent against Barcelona. He scored from Benzema's knockdown, sent a couple of headers over the bar, fired one low shot just wide and had another one well saved.Ronaldo was a constant goal threat, and Real fans will be praying there's no serious damage with the foot injury he sustained in the act of scoring and which forced him off at half-time - making his team look considerably less potent in front of goal after the break. His nose for goal is shown by the fact that he had more shots in 45 minutes (seven) than anyone else in the full 90.And what to make of Bale? On the whole this was a pretty poor performance from the Welshman, whose only significant action in the first half was a vicious studs-up challenge on Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti which could have easily warranted a straight red card but somehow escaped punishment.Bale improved after the break but was still largely a fringe presence until he sent a reminder of his undoubted qualities by popping up with a fabulous finish on the edge of the box to secure a draw. Whether that isolated moment in an otherwise disappointing display will be enough to promote him in Zidane's thinking for Kiev is unlikely, especially when Isco returns to fitness.But having Bale as the second or third choice from the bench shows just how much attacking power Zidane has at his disposal, and assuming Ronaldo's foot injury is nothing significant it's clear that Liverpool's defence had better be ready for a very long night.
Should Wayne Rooney stay at Everton or go elsewhere? The Sunday Supplement panel discuss Should Wayne Rooney stay at Everton or go elsewhere? The Sunday Supplement panel discuss as he is linked to a move to MLS side DC United.It emerged this week that a deal had been struck between Rooney's representatives and the club, and DC United manager Ben Olson also confirmed the interest, although insisted the move is not yet done.Rooney has been ruled out of Everton's match against West Ham on Sunday and could have made his final appearance for the Toffees - but should he leave the Premier League or stay for another season?The Sunday Supplement panel had their say...Martin Samuel - Chief Sports Writer, Daily Mail When he went to Everton, I was quite charmed by it. I liked the idea although a lot of people were quite cynical about it, but he is their top scorer this season and top on assists as well I think. He scored possibly the goal of the season against West Ham and scored a hat-trick in the game which turned their season.I know Sam [Allardyce] would like to take credit for it but it's David Unsworth on the touchline and it's Rooney's hat-trick. Although it seems to have petered out a bit, I'd like to see him stay there. I think he is a young man to be going to DC United in the MLS, I really do.There has got to be a way Everton can set up, maybe if there is a different manager or different ideas, where you can get more out of Rooney or there might be a way they can set up so he is an impact player. I know he would want to start every game because everyone does, but there must be a way Everton can work with Rooney because anyone that can do what he did to West Ham in that particular game, he hasn't forgotten how to play football in the four or five months since then. The idea that he has got nothing to offer isn't right.Neil Custis - Football Writer, The Sun His next move isn't about football, it's about him and his family. People think these MLS moves are sitting on the beach time and putting your feet up. I was over in New York a few years ago with Sam Cook, who does media for New York City FC, and he said it was like a Champions League week every week because of the vast distances you're having to travel and you can be away for two, three or four days. It is constant and can get wearing for the players, I think Steven Gerrard realised this and realised it wasn't all that.So his next move has to be for him and his family but I'd love to see him stay at Everton and see some more great moments from him.We were talking before we came on air about how he should be remembered and I think too many people look at the Rooney of the last three or four years. On You Tube, there is a video of Rooney's classic goals or something like that and some of the goals he scored are absolutely unbelievable [as are] some of the impressions he had on games.He was a sensational player and the very fact he is still back page news tells you the player he was, not the player he is. Whether he stays at Everton or not won't make a huge amount of difference to them, but at his height, Rooney was absolutely sensational. For me, one of the top five English players ever.Rooney has been playing professionally since he was 16. He is such an accomplished technical footballer, and he can do a lot of things other players can't do, but I just feel that there are increasingly fewer teams that accommodate the older player. That is not to say he is just trundling around, but he is certainly not a 22-year-old anymore.What struck me about the move is that most of our Premier League stars that have gone to the MLS have gone to New York or LA for obvious reasons - they're great places to live - and DC United are owned by the same people who own Swansea or there is certainly a connection.They are historically quite successful, but they are having a terrible season and they are bottom of the Eastern Conference. They have just built a new stadium, and obviously they want a big name to open it in July. I think they have got a run of 10 home games because they have played all their games away from home.It is not your archetypal MLS move, I'm sure it is a lovely place to live, but Everton are going to be making big changes and are Rooney and his agent Paul Stretford trying to find an accommodation whereby he will stay and threatening to leave or having an option to leave is always a good negotiating position? It feels to me like there might be some more twists and turns.
Stevenson vs Jack: Adonis Stevenson and Badou Jack battle to a majority draw      Adonis Stevenson's world title clash with Badou Jack was scored a majority draw after a thrilling battle in Toronto.    WBC light-heavyweight champion Stevenson, 40, was dragged into deep waters by Jack and both fighters had commanding periods of success before scorecards of 115-113 to Jack and 114-114 twice meant the coveted green and gold belt stayed with 'Superman'.    Afterwards, the two fighters claimed they had done enough to take the decision and both said they would be happy to trade leather again in a rematch.    It was clear from the offset that Jack's gameplan was to test the fitness and age of Stevenson - making his ninth defence of the WBC belt - and he stuck to it astutely, patiently keeping out of range in the opening periods.    Stevenson, on the other hand, was keen to bring his thunderous left hand into play, seeking a familiar knockout blow, and after a cagey opener, the Canada-based Haitian started to find success in the second.    Jack remained comfortable though and continued to paw away with his jab from behind a tight guard, slowly growing in confidence, both men looking for openings.    The next few rounds were evenly contested as the action began to intensify, Stevenson, fighting out of a southpaw stance, on the front foot, the busier, but 'The Ripper' landing the cleaner, more eye-catching blows.    The contest then sparked into life in the fifth when the Haitian born champion went to work and a crunching left uppercut preceded heavy shots to the body that seemed to have Jack in some pain.    With the fervent Canadian crowd roaring him on, Stevenson came out for the sixth intent on finishing the job and he continued to fire home crippling body blows as he pushed the challenger onto the ropes, but Jack fought back resiliently, refusing to be over roared.    With 'Superman' seemingly in clear control, the momentum of the fight suddenly shifted massively in the seventh, a cracking combination from Jack forcing a hurt Stevenson onto the back-foot.    More heavy artillery continued to rain in as the 40-year-old title-holder started to look desperately tired and fatigued, seemingly on the brink of defeat.    A jolting right hand bloodied the nose of the southpaw in the ninth before a massive uppercut then rocked Stevenson in the closing seconds of the period.    With Jack well on top, victory seemed within his grasp, but there were more twists and turns to come as 'Superman' resolutely found a second wind and, in the tenth, the two light-heavyweights stood toe-to-toe in a pulsating round of action.    Suddenly Stevenson's earlier body work started to pay off in the next and, after a sustained attack to the midriff area, Jack was left wincing, now the one precariously trying to remain on his feet to see out the round.    The final three minutes saw both men doggedly trade on the inside and 'The Ripper' had his man badly hurt in the final moments, but the bell came to the rescue of the long-standing champion.    Speaking afterwards, Stevenson said: "I hurt him and I thought I won the fight. I went to the body and I saw that he was fatigued.    "Badou is a two-time world champion and a good fighter. I will give him a rematch."    A deflated Jack, who has two previous draws on his record, added: "I thought I definitely won the fight. No complaining, no judge had him winning.    "I can't do anything about it. Let's do a rematch, let's do it in Las Vegas - I came to his backyard."
Rafael Nadal wary of Novak Djokovic threat as world No 1 targets 11th French Open title  "Novak is one of the best players of our history of this sport. My answer is he's not coming back, he's there always"    Rafael Nadal insists Novak Djokovic remains a major threat to his hopes of an 11th French Open crown.    Serbian Djokovic has struggled to find his best form during a difficult few months having undergone elbow surgery.    The former world number one is the 20th seed at Roland Garros, but he showed glimpses of his old self at last week's Italian Open before bowing out to Nadal in the semi-finals.    Nadal, who has lost just twice in 81 matches on the red clay of Paris, is once again the heavy favourite to triumph.    But he said: "Novak is one of the best players of our history of this sport. My answer is he's not coming back, he's there always.    "Sometimes when you come back from injuries it's difficult to play that well from the beginning, but he played a great event in Rome, and is no doubt one of the candidates to win here."    Nadal, himself only recently back from a hip injury, went on to win in Rome and begins his French Open campaign against Ukraine's Alexandr Dolgopolov.    "I feel good," added the Spaniard, who is back at the top of the world rankings. "Of course after a very tough beginning of the season, with two injuries in the same place, it's true I came back and played well.    "I have played a lot of matches and had good success since I came back. But every tournament is different, and here we are to try our best, to have good days of practice before the tournament starts, and try to be very competitive for the beginning."    Alexander Zverev is another expected to challenge Nadal's dominance, the 21-year-old German taking him to three sets in the Rome final and winning in Munich and Madrid this year.    Zverev is seeded second and faces unfancied Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis in round one.    "It's obviously been a fantastic clay-court season for me," he said. "Winning so many matches in a row was great coming in here.    "Obviously there are a lot of other great players playing here - Rafa, Novak and everybody. They are all getting on top of their game.    "This is a long tournament with a lot of hard matches. I'm not trying to think that, you know, I'm going to play Rafa in the final. That's not how I'm thinking.    "I'm thinking about every single match. I'm thinking about how to beat Berankis in the first round. That's my thought process right now."
French Open 2018: Novak Djokovic beats qualifier Rogerio Dutra Silva    Novak Djokovic made the second round of the French Open after beating Brazilian qualifier Rogerio Dutra Silva.    The former world number one, seeded 20th at Roland Garros, went 2-0 down at the start of the first two sets but recovered to come through 6-3 6-4 6-4.    The injury-hit Serb, 31, has not won a Grand Slam title since his victory in Paris in 2016.    Meanwhile Stan Wawrinka, another former champion who has struggled with injury, lost his opener.    The Swiss 23rd seed, who overcame Djokovic in the French Open final in 2015, was beaten 6-2 3-6 4-6 7-6 (7-5) 6-3 by Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez.    That defeat means Wawrinka will fall from world number 30 to outside the top 250 when the new standings are released on 11 June.    Elsewhere, the match between number one seed and 10-time champion Rafael Nadal and Italian Simone Bolelli was suspended because of rain.    The Spaniard had a two-set lead but was 3-0 down in the third set against the impressive Bolelli when the weather started to worsen.    Austrian seventh seed Dominic Thiem overcame Ilya Ivashka of Belarus 6-2 6-4 6-1. Thiem will now face Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas, ranked 39th, while Djokovic takes on Spain's Juame Munar, the world number 155.    Djokovic, now ranked 12th, said before the tournament that his confidence had been knocked after suffering a recurring elbow problem, which required surgery in January.    He returned to training in March and fell to successive first-round defeats at Indian Wells and the Miami Open.    But the 12-time Grand Slam champion reached the semi-finals of the Italian Open earlier this month and looked fairly comfortable against Dutra Silva, the world number 134.    The Brazilian got off to the best possible start by breaking his opponent in the opening game, before Djokovic got into his stride.    Dutra Silva had his opponent rattled in the third set after they exchanged breaks, and Djokovic slammed a loose ball against the advertising boards in anger before apologising to the crowd for his reaction.    In the end, the Serb brought up three match points and served it out at the second attempt.    
Lionel Messi: Barcelona forward 'increasingly sure' he will not join another European team      Barcelona forward Lionel Messi says he is "increasingly sure" that he will never play for another European club.    Messi, who has spent his whole senior career with Barca, scoring 552 goals, has been linked with Pep Guardiola's Manchester City in the past.    The 30-year-old suggested that he could return to his homeland in Argentina to play for Newell's Old Boys.    "I always said I wanted to play in Argentine football one day," Messi told Argentine television station El Trece.    "I don't know if it will happen but I have it in my mind. It would be at Newell's, nowhere else. I would like to do that for at least six months, but you never know what will happen.    "I'm increasingly sure that in Europe, Barcelona will be my only club."    Messi, who is with the Argentina squad preparing for the 2018 World Cup in Russia, started out at Newell's Old Boys before joining Barcelona aged 13.    He signed a new deal with Barcelona last November which runs until 2021 and has a buyout clause of 700m euros (£612m).    Messi has won a Fifa Under-20 World Cup and Olympic gold medal with his country but has yet to win a senior international competition, losing the final in the 2014 World Cup and three Copas America.    However, he says he does not regret choosing to play for his native country rather than Spain, who won the World Cup in 2010.    "The other day I was talking to a friend and he told me 'if you had chosen Spain, you'd be a World Cup winner already', but it wouldn't have been the same," added Messi.    "Obviously in no moment did I think about doing that. To win it with Argentina would be something unique."    
